[SIGH]
Crow: HEY...
WHAT'S WRONG, ZORA?
YOU SEEM A BIT UPSET.
MIND YOUR BUSINESS!
YOU DO SEEM
A BIT DOWN...
OH, YUSEI, THANK YOU
FOR INQUIRING...
THE TRUTH IS I AM DOWN--
AT THE TOWN MEETING,
IT WAS DECIDED THAT
MY BELOVED CLOCK
MUST BE REPLACED.
Crow: IT HAS BEEN
BROKEN FOR SOME TIME.
BUTT OUT, YOU PUNK!
Yusei: WELL,
THAT'S A SHAME.
IT REALLY IS.
UH...COULD SOMEONE
TELL ME WHY ZORA'S
PICKING ON ME HERE?
OH, IT'S JUST THAT
MY YOUNGEST SON, LYNDON
IS COMING TO TOWN....
AND HE AND I...
ARE FIGHTING!
SO I'M PRACTICING!
AW MAN, THERE'S
NOTHING QUITE LIKE
A MOTHER'S LOVE...
[LAUGHTER]
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
ALRIGHTY...
HOW'S THE BALANCE
LOOK NOW, YUSEI?
WELL...
Lyndon: IT LOOKS GOOD TO ME!
ALRIGHT--THEN CAN YA
FIX UP MINE NEXT?
Lyndon: WHAT'S TO FIX UP--
YOUR DUEL RUNNER
LOOKS TOTALLY AWESOME AS IS!
THANKS!
Lyndon: AND THAT GOES DOUBLE
FOR JACK'S DUEL RIDE!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
THE MASTER OF FASTER
MAINTAINS HIS MACHINE
AT ALL TIMES!
Lyndon: AND IT SHOWS!
IN FACT,
I'M SUPER IMPRESSED
WITH ALL YOU GUYS!
YOU'RE EVEN COOLER
THAN I THOUGHT YOU'D BE.
WOW, SO MANY KIND WORDS--
I JUST HAVE ONE QUESTION--
WHO'S THE ONE
SAYING THEM?!
Lyndon: ME!
All: WHO ARE YOU?!
WHO AM I?!
COME ON, GUYS,
WE'RE PRACTICALLY FAMILY!
HEH, WHO AM I, THEY ASK.
WHADAYA THINK?
IT COULD BE A SPY
SENT BY ONE OF
THE OTHER DUEL TEAMS.
OR MAYBE HE'S EVEN
A DUEL BOT!
YOU KNOW, LIKE A NEW,
GOOFY KIND OF MODEL.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
BUT I DO KNOW I LOVE WHAT
YOU'VE DONE WITH MY ROOM!
YOUR ROOM?
HOW IS THIS YOUR ROOM?
BECAUSE I USED
TO LIVE HERE!
HI. I'M ZORA'S
SON, LYNDON.
SHE MUSTA TOLD YA
I WAS COMING!
WELL, HERE I AM!
WHERE SHOULD I PUT
MY STUFF?
WAIT...SO HE'S
STAYING WITH US?!
YEAH! AND I AM
SO SUPER STOKED!
WE ARE GOING TO HAVE
THE BEST TIME EVER
GETTING TO KNOW EACH OTHER
OVER THIS MONTH!
OVER THIS MONTH?!
SO THAT'S WHY ZORA'S ON
BAD TERMS WITH THIS KID--
HE'S A FREELOADER.
OH WELL, I'M SURE CROW'S
GOT SPACE IN HIS ROOM.
YEP.
DONE DEAL.
[SOBBING]
NAH, THAT'S NOT WHY
WE'RE FIGHTING--
MOM'S MAD CUZ I WANNA
BE A PRO DUELIST!
Yusei: I DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
WHY WOULD SHE BE
MAD ABOUT THAT?
CUZ...SHE'S ALWAYS
WANTED ME TO FOLLOW
IN MY FATHER'S FOOTSTEPS...
AND BECOME
A BORING OL' CLOCKSMITH.
IT ALL STARTED
WHEN THE TOWN CLOCK
MYSTERIOUSLY BROKE DOWN ONE DAY.
MY MOM INSISTED THAT
I GO UP THERE AND FIX IT
SO THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I TRIED TO DO...
BUT IT WAS TOUGH GOING...
[ALL GASP]
Lyndon: NO MATTER WHAT I TRIED,
THINGS STAYED
COMPLETELY CUCKOO.
IF YOU DIDN'T WASTE
ALL YOUR TIME DUELING
AND WERE MORE
LIKE YOUR FATHER,
THE TOWN CLOCK
WOULD BE WORKING!
DUELING'S NOT A WASTE
OF TIME, IT'S THE BEST!
IF YOU ONLY SAW
MY DUEL DECK,
MAYBE THEN
YOU'D UNDERSTAND!
I HAVE SEEN
YOUR DUEL DECK!
AND I DO UNDERSTAND...
I HAVE SINCE
YOU WERE A BOY.
Crow: WOW, SO THIS FIGHT'S
BEEN GOING ON FOR A WHILE...
Jack: MUST BE TOUGH.
Lyndon: YEAH, I MISS
BEING CLOSE WITH MY MOM.
I'M SURE SHE MISSES
BEING CLOSE, TOO.
WHY NOT
PATCH THINGS UP?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD
SAY THAT CUZ
THAT'S EXACTLY THE REASON
THAT I'M HERE--
TO MAKE GOOD WITH MY MOM
AND GET OUR LIVES BACK ON TRACK!
AND HOW DO I PLAN
TO DO THAT YOU ASK,
WELL, I'LL TELL YA:
I TOOK A CLOCK REPAIR CLASS
NOT TOO LONG AGO
AND I PLAN TO FINALLY
FIX THAT OLD CLOCK!
WELL THEN YOU'D BETTER
GET A MOVE ON.
THE TOWN'S PLANNING
TO REPLACE THAT TICKER
WITH A BRAND NEW ONE.
THEY'RE TEARING
MY MOM'S CLOCK DOWN?
I'M AFRAID SO, LYNDON--
APPARENTLY THEY
JUST HAD A MEETING
AND IT WAS DECIDED.
WELL, THAT'S THAT!
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE!
RIGHT. THAT IS, UNLESS
YOU'RE REALLY NOT SERIOUS
ABOUT MAKING UP
WITH YOUR MOTHER
AND BEING CLOSE AGAIN.
All: YEAH...
YOU'RE RIGHT--
THIS IS MY CHANCE
TO BE A BIG TIME HERO!
Yusei: EASY, LYNDON, YOU'VE
STILL GOT A LOT TO PROVE.
Crow: IF YOU'RE
PROVIN' ANYTHING
YA'D BETTER HURRY--
WORD IS THEY'RE TEARIN'
THAT CLOCK DOWN TODAY!
WHOA--THEY MOVE
PRETTY FAST!
WELL, I BETTER GO!
Akiza: HOLD ON--YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE LIKE THAT.
I'M NOT?
NOT IF YOU WANT TO IMPRESS
YOUR MOM, YOU'RE NOT.
Yusei: TIME FOR A TUNE-UP.
OK...THE RABBIT
GOES IN THE HOLE
AND AROUND THE TREE AND...
ENOUGH ALREADY!
THAT'S YOUR
TENTH TRY!
I'LL DO IT!
GIMME THAT THING!
STOP IT!
IT'S HIS FIRST SUIT!
HERE WE GO...
HOW'S THAT?
Yusei: NOT TOO SHABBY.
PSYCHIC DUELING
AND NECKTIES,
MY TWO SPECIALTIES.
HMM. ALL SET!
Crow: GREAT!
THEN TAKE A DEEP BREATH!
CUZ IT'S TIME TO
MAKE UP WITH YOUR MOM!
I HOPE THIS WORKS...
Crow: IT WILL...GO!
CAN I HELP YOU--?
LYNDON?!
HEY...WHAT'S
HAPPENING, MOM?
DON'T LOOK SO SURPRISED.
I TOLD YOU I WAS COMING.
NOT ALL DRESSED UP!
OH, WELL, THIS IS
THE NEW ME.
LOOK...MOM...
I KNOW WE'VE HAD
OUR SHARE OF TROUBLES
AND ALL BUT...
BUT WHAT?
[CHUCKLES] BUT
WHADAYA SAY WE JUST
PUT ALL THAT
BEHIND US, OK?
THAT'S RIGHT, MOM...
YOUR LITTLE LYNDON'S
ALL GROWN UP!
GONE IS THE STUBBORN,
BACK TALKING
KID YOU KNEW!
I FINALLY TOOK
YOUR ADVICE!
I TOOK A BREAK
FROM DUELING
AND WENT TO
CLOCK REPAIR SCHOOL--
SO YOU CAN QUIT
ALL YOUR NAGGING!
Jack: OOH. NAGGING?
ZORA'S NOT GOING
TO LIKE THAT.
YOU THINK
ME TELLING YOU
TO GO TO
CLOCK REPAIR SCHOOL
WAS NAGGING?
[SHRIEKS]
HOW DARE YOU!
YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED
SINCE THE DAY
YOU BROKE THE TOWN CLOCK!
[ALL GASP]
Crow: WAIT, WHO BROKE
THE CLOCK?! YOU?!
WELL...SORT OF...
SEE, BACK WHEN I WAS A KID,
ONE OF MY CHORES
WAS TO MAKE SURE
THE CLOCK WAS ALWAYS WOUND.
IT WAS BACKBREAKING WORK.
SO ONE DAY I GOT TO THINKING...
MAYBE WITH A FEW
LITTLE ADJUSTMENTS
I COULD GET THE CLOCK
TO RUN MORE EFFICIENTLY.
SO I STARTED TINKERING...
LET'S TRY THIS...
YEAH! HUH?
AND THEN TINKERING MORE...
AND MORE!
UNTIL PRETTY SOON
I WAS TINKERING
EVERYTHING IN SIGHT!
ONLY, I WASN'T REALLY TINKERING
ANYMORE--I WAS HAMMERING!
AND HAMMERING HARD!
I COULDN'T HELP MYSELF!
I JUST KEPT BANGING AND BANGING
AND BANGING UNTIL--
UNTIL MY BELOVED CLOCK
WAS BANGED INTO OBLIVION
YOU HAMMER HAPPY
HAREBRAIN!
BUT...I'M HERE
TO FIX IT, MOM.
LYNDON, YOU'RE MY SON
AND I LOVE YOU.
BUT GET OUTTA HERE!
YOU DON'T FIX THINGS!
YOU PUT PEOPLE IN FIXES!
NOW GO!
FINE THEN!
I'M GONE!
WAIT! LYNDON!
HOLD UP!
DON'T GO.
YOUR MOM'S
JUST UPSET.
LET'S ALL JUST TAKE
A FEW MINUTES
TO COOL DOWN--
I DON'T WANNA
COOL DOWN!
I JUST WANT
OUTTA HERE!
SHE DOESN'T
CARE ABOUT ME!
SHE JUST CARES
ABOUT HER...
COME ON, YOU KNOW
THAT'S JUST
NOT TRUE, LYNDON.
ALL I KNOW
IS THAT MY MOM
DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT MY DREAMS!
NOT ONE BIT!
THAT'S WHY
I WANT
OUT OF HERE--
AND FOR GOOD!
OK...YOU WANT TO GO
AND I WANT YOU TO STAY
SO THAT LEAVES
ONE OPTION.
HUH? IT DOES?
YEAH. AND AS A PRO
DUELIST IN TRAINING,
I HAVE A HUNCH
YOU'LL LIKE IT.
YOU AND I
ARE GONNA DUEL
AND IF I WIN
YOU GIVE YOUR MOM
ANOTHER CHANCE...
ON THE OTHER HAND,
IF YOU WIN,
YOU GO ON YOUR WAY...
I WON'T
TRY AND STOP YOU--
YA CAN TAKE OFF
AND NEVER COME BACK
FOR ALL I CARE.
HMM.
Lyndon: FINE...
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A DEAL!
NOW LET'S GET IT ON!
WOW, CROW
MUST REALLY WANT
LYNDON AND ZORA
TO PATCH THINGS UP, HUH?
YEAH...THE QUESTION IS...
WILL ONE DUEL ACTUALLY
DO THE TRICK?
Crow: LET'S DO THIS!
YOU GO FIRST!
OH, WITH PLEASURE! DRAW!
ALRIGHTY...I SUMMON TO
THE FIELD MONSTER CLOCK!
Crow: BUT THAT
MONSTER HAS ZERO
ATTACK POINTS...
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
NOTHING!
I END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOVE!
AND WITH IT,
I SUMMON
BLACKWING--FANE
THE STEEL CHAIN!
Zora: OOH, WHAT
A SCARY MONSTER!
BE CAREFUL SON!
EMBARRASSING...
Crow: LYNDON!
IT SURE SOUNDED
LIKE YOUR MOM
CARED ABOUT YOU
RIGHT THEN,
DONTCHA THINK?
IF SHE CARED
ABOUT ME,
SHE'D LET ME LIVE
THE LIFE I WANT!
LYNDON...I KNOW
YOU'VE BEEN
MAD WITH YOUR MOM
A LONG TIME
BUT WHEN YOU'RE MAD,
YOU CAN'T ALWAYS
SEE THINGS CLEARLY!
BUT MAYBE
BY THE TIME OUR
LITTLE DUEL IS OVER
THAT WON'T BE
THE CASE ANYMORE.
SPEAKIN' OF
OUR DUEL,
SINCE BLACKWING
STEEL CHAIN
IS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN NOW
SUMMON THIS CARD
FROM MY HAND!
BLACKWING--GALE
THE WHIRLWIND!
GO, BLACKWING--
WHIRLWIND, ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST, I PLAY
MONSTER CLOCK'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
YOU'VE HEARD
THE OLD SAYING THAT
TIME'S ON YOUR SIDE, RIGHT,
WELL, NOT THIS TIME AROUND!
[GULPING]
[CUCKOO CUCKOO
CUCKOO]
MY BLACKWING--?!
Lyndon: [CHUCKLES]
NOW MONSTER CLOCK
GAINS ATTACK POINTS
EQUAL TO
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE MONSTER
IT JUST SWALLOWED
AND THAT MEANS MY ROUGH
AND TUMBLE TIMEPIECE'S
ATTACK POINTS
TICK UP HIGHER
THAN YOUR BLACKWING STEEL
CHAIN'S ATTACK POINTS!
DOESN'T MATTER!
WITH STEEL CHAIN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN STILL WAGE
A DIRECT ATTACK!
SO LET HIM
HAVE IT, BLACKWING!
Crow: IT'S YOUR
MOVE, LYNDON...
AND EVERYONE'S
WATCHING!
Crow: EVERYONE'S
WATCHING, LYNDON!
IF YOU REALLY WANNA
RUN AWAY FROM HOME
AND NEVER COME BACK,
YOU'D BETTER MAKE
THIS TURN COUNT!
YOU BETTER BELIEVE
I WILL!
WATCH AND LEARN!
IT'S MY DRAW!
ALRIGHT, FIRST
I'M SUMMONING
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 12
TO THE FIELD!
THEN FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD CLOCKWORK!
WITH THIS CARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON OUT
A MONSTER WHOSE
LEVEL IS LOWER
THAN THE CLOCK KNIGHT
ON MY FIELD!
SO HERE GOES, I'M SUMMONING
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 3!
I KNOW, I KNOW,
WHAT'S WITH
THE CLOCK KNIGHTS?
WELL, THEY HAVE
AN ABILITY
THAT LETS ME
FLIP A COIN
AND IF IT LANDS ON HEADS
THEN THEY'LL GAIN
1200 ATTACK POINTS
UNTIL THE TURN'S
END PHASE!
1200?!
BUT THE BEST PART
IS THAT SINCE
THERE ARE TWO OF THEM OUT
AT THE SAME TIME,
IF EITHER OF
MY COIN FLIPS LANDS
IN A WAY THAT
I DON'T WANT,
I'M ALLOWED TO TOSS
A DO-OVER!
Crow: A DO-OVER?!
SO HE'S GOT
TWO CHANCES
TO POWER UP?
Yusei: YEAH, AND TWO
REDOS IF THINGS
DON'T GO HIS WAY
ON THE FIRST GO AROUND.
Akiza: I'M NO MATHEMATICIAN
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT MEANS THE ODDS
OF THOSE CLOCK KNIGHTS
GETTING A WHOLE LOT
STRONGER ARE GOOD.
YEAH--BUT BAD FOR CROW!
NOW LET'S GET FLIPPING!
HEADS WILL BE THE SUN!
COME ON, SUN!
LET'S GO, SUN!
AW, IT'S THE MOON!
NO PROB!
THANKS TO CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 3
BEING OUT ON THE FIELD
I'M ALLOWED TO JUST FLIP AGAIN!
COME ON NOW, SUN!
YEAH--SUNNY SIDE UP!
NOW MY CLOCK KNIGHT
NO. 12'S ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE BY A BELL
RINGING 1200!
[ALL GASP]
AND NEXT UP...IS
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 3!
SO WHADAYA SAY WE GET
RIGHT TO IT AND FLIP OUT!
GRR!
LET'S GO, SUN!
HOORAY!
DAYBREAKS AGAIN!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS--
1200 EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW TO PUT THOSE
ATTACK POINTS TO USE!!
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 12
ATTACK STEEL CHAIN!
[GRITTING]
I'M NOT DONE!
NOW IT'S
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 3'S
TURN TO WAGE BATTLE!
AND SINCE THERE'RE NO
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD...
GUESS HE'LL BE
BATTLING YOU!
NOT QUITE!
I'M SUMMONIN' OUT...
BLACKWING--GHIBLI
THE SEARING WIND
IN DEFENSE MODE...
YOU SEE, IF GHIBLI'S
IN MY HAND
AND I'M
ATTACKED DIRECTLY,
HIS ABILITY LETS HIM
COME TO MY AID!
OH NO, CLOCK WING--
ABORT, ABORT!
EVEN WITH YOUR POWER UP
YOU DON'T HAVE ENOUGH POINTS
TO WIN THAT BATTLE.
LET'S JUST END THIS TURN
WHILE WE'RE AHEAD.
Crow: YOU CALL THIS
BEING AHEAD, LYNDON?
YOU'RE LOSING!
BUT THIS DUEL SHOULD BE
THE LEAST
OF YOUR CONCERNS.
I ONLY HOPE THAT
YOU CAN SEE WHAT I SEE
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
IT'S MY DRAW NOW!
MIRROR FORCE!
PERFECT--THIS DESTROYS
ALL MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE!
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
AND THEN...I'LL
SUMMON OUT BLACKWING--
BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH!
AND WHEN THIS CARD IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED
TO THE FIELD,
I CAN
BRING OUT BLACKWING--
FANE THE STEEL CHAIN
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
OHH!
NOW...LEVEL 2 BLIZZARD
THE FAR NORTH,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
FANE THE STEEL CHAIN
AND LEVEL 3 GHIBLI
THE SEARING WIND...
TUNE AND LET YOUR WINGS
GIVE FLIGHT
TO A NEW AND EVEN
MIGHTIER BIRD OF PREY...
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER...
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER!
OHH!
AND NOW...ARMOR MASTER--
ATTACK THAT
CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 3!
FLYING FIST STRIKE!
[GROANING]
[THINKING]
THAT'S IT.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH...
HMM.
[WHIMPERING]
I GIVE UP--YOU WIN.
YOU MEAN
YOU'RE QUITTING?!
YES, I'M QUITTING,
WHY GO ON?
YOU HAVE A SUPER
TOUGH MONSTER
AND I'M PRACTICALLY
OUT OF LIFE POINTS--
THERE'S NO WAY
THAT I CAN WIN!
NOT WITH
THAT ATTITUDE!
COME ON, LYNDON,
DON'T YOU SEE?!
THAT'S BEEN YOUR
PROBLEM ALL ALONG!
YOU ONLY
SEE THE NEGATIVE
IN YOUR SITUATION.
LIKE YOU ONLY
SEE THE NEGATIVE
WITH YOUR MOM!
BUT THERE IS
A POSITIVE SIDE!
IF YOU ONLY
TOOK THE TIME
TO LOOK FOR IT!
BUT...I...
DID TAKE THE TIME!
I WENT TO
CLOCK REPAIR SCHOOL
LIKE MOM WANTED.
MY TEACHER WAS CRAZY!
THE CLASS CONDITIONS
WERE AWFUL!
I WAS YELLED AT DAILY!
BUT STILL...
THIS IS FUN...
IN FACT, THE ONLY REASON
I WAS ABLE TO TOLERATE
THE DAY AND NIGHT
STUDY SESSIONS
WAS BECAUSE...I LOVED IT.
DID YOU JUST SAY
YOU LOVED IT, LYNDON?
I THINK THAT
WE'RE FINALLY
GETTING SOMEWHERE, KID.
AND I THINK THAT WE
CAN GET A LOT FURTHER
IF WE KEEP DUELING.
SO WHADAYA SAY, LYNDON?
WANNA KEEP GOING?
IF NOT FOR ME,
THEN FOR YOUR MOM.
WHADAYA HAVE
TO LOSE, HUH?
COME ON, LYNDON,
YOU CAN DO THIS!
FINE, IF YOU SAY SO...
HERE GOES...
WHOA...I CAN'T
BELIEVE IT...THIS CARD?
[WHIMPERING]
WHAT'S WRONG, SON?
DID YOU GET IN ANOTHER
FIGHT WITH YOUR MOTHER?
YEAH, SHE ASKED ME
WHAT I WANTED TO BE
WHEN I GREW UP...
BUT WHEN I TOLD HER
I WANTED TO BE A DUELIST
SHE SAID NO,
THAT WASN'T ALLOWED!
I SEE.
WELL, SON,
TAKE HEART...
YOUR MOM LOVES YOU
AND I KNOW FOR A FACT
THAT SHE ONLY WANTS
WHAT'S BEST FOR YOU.
HERE.
[GASP] AWESOME,
A TIME WIZARD!
I ALWAYS WANTED
ONE OF THESE!
I KNOW AND NOW
YOU'VE GOT ONE, SON.
YEAH!
THANK YOU, DAD!
YOU'RE WELCOME SON,
JUST TRY NOT
TO STAY MAD
AT YOUR MOM, OK?
BECAUSE BELIEVE IT
OR NOT, LYNDON,
IT WAS YOUR MOM
WHO TOLD ME
TO GET THIS CARD
FOR YOU...
I WONDER HOW SHE KNEW...
I CAN'T GIVE UP...
I GOTTA SEE THIS DUEL
THROUGH TO THE END!
SO FOR MY MOVE
I PLAY TIME WIZARD!
Duel runner computer:
TIME WIZARD IS A LEVEL 2
SPELLCASTER-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 500 ATTACK POINTS
AND 400 DEFENSE POINTS.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE
GOT WOUND UP!
WELL, LET'S SEE
HOW MUCH
YOU LIKE IT...
WHEN I TAKE YOU DOWN
AND WIN THIS DUEL!
AND TIME WIZARD'S GONNA
HELP ME DO JUST THAT!
SEE, WITH TIME WIZARD,
I SPIN THE ARROW--
IF IT LANDS ON RED, ALL YOUR
MONSTERS ARE DESTROYED.
BUT IF IT LANDS ON WHITE
ALL MY MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED
AND I TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF
THE TOTAL AMOUNT
OF THEIR ATTACK POINTS!
Yusei: LYNDON'S PUTTING
A WHOLE LOT
ON THE LINE
WITH THIS SPIN.
BUT IF IT GOES HIS WAY,
IT MIGHT JUST
BE WORTH IT!
ALRIGHTY! TIME WIZARD,
DO YOUR THING--
LET'S TAKE THIS DUEL
FOR A SPIN!
WHOA...TIME WIZARD'S
NOT JUST
TAKING THIS DUEL
FOR A SPIN...
HE'S TAKING ME FOR A SPIN...
DOWN MEMORY LANE.
ALL THESE MOMENTS
IN THE PAST...
THEY'RE FLOODING BACK...
I REMEMBER WATCHING
MY DAD WORK ON CLOCKS...
AND HOW MUCH
I LOVED IT...
AND HOW MY MOM WAS
ALWAYS THERE WATCHING ME!
YOUR MOM LOVES YOU
AND I KNOW FOR A FACT
THAT SHE ONLY WANTS
WHAT'S BEST FOR YOU.
I GET IT!
[LAUGHTER]
TIME WIZARD STOP!
IT LANDED ON RED!
YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS--
TIME WIZARD DESTROYS
ARMOR MASTER!
GO TIME MAGIC!
[CRY]
AND NOW THAT YOUR FIELD
IS CLEAR, CROW,
I'LL HAVE MONSTER CLOCK
AND CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 12
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
Leo: WHOA! IF THIS HITS,
CROW IS DONE FOR!
MONSTER CLOCK
AND CLOCK KNIGHT NO. 12
ATTACK CROW DIRECTLY!
[THINKING]
THAT'S RIGHT LYNDON,
COME AND GET ME...
FINISH THIS.
I KNEW THAT
YOU COULD DO IT.
CROW'S GONNA LOSE!
Jack: YEAH, JUST LIKE
HE PLANNED.
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GASP]
NO WAY...
LYNDON WON!
[SIGH] CONGRATULATIONS,
LYNDON.
YOU BEAT ME
FAIR AND SQUARE.
GUESS YOU CAN LEAVE
AS YOU PLEASE NOW.
GO ON NOW...
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT
SO GET GOING ALREADY!
NO...I...
I WAS...WRONG...
THIS IS WHERE I BELONG!
[GASP]
HUH.
YA SEE, I FINALLY
REALIZED SOMETHING...
SOMETHING I SHOULD'VE
REALIZED LONG AGO...
ONLY PROBLEM WAS I WAS
TOO STUBBORN TO.
BUT NOW,
THANKS TO THIS DUEL,
IT'S ALL BECOME SO CLEAR!
I THOUGHT I WANTED
TO BE A DUELIST
BUT THE TRUTH IS...
MY FAVORITE PART
ABOUT DUELING
IS WHEN I GET TO USE
MONSTERS AND SPELLS
THAT HAVE CLOCKS IN THEM--
CLOCKS LIKE THE ONES
MY DAD USED TO ALWAYS FIX!
AND MY MOM KNEW IT!
SHE SAW MY DECK
WHEN I WAS A KID.
SHE KNEW WHAT I WAS BEFORE
I DID--I WAS A CLOCKSMITH!
THAT'S THE REASON
SHE WAS ALWAYS
PUSHING ME TO LEARN
THE TRADE...
BECAUSE SHE KNEW
IT WOULD MAKE ME HAPPY.
BUT THE MORE SHE PUSHED,
THE MORE I PUSHED BACK.
WELL, I'M DONE PUSHING!
I'M GONNA FIX
THE TOWN CLOCK, MOM!
SON...
CUZ FIXING CLOCKS
IS WHAT I LOVE!
SON...
WAY TO GO, PAL,
BUT HOW DID YOU KNOW
THAT DUELING LYNDON
WOULD SOLVE THIS...
YEAH, HOW CROW?
I KNOW HOW...CROW PEEKED
AT LYNDON'S DECK.
YEAH, WHEN HE FIRST
GOT HERE.
I SAW ALL
THE CLOCK CARDS
AND WELL, I JUST
HAD A HUNCH.
[CLOCK CHIMES]
Both: HUH?
[BOTH LAUGH]
IT'S WORKING!
Both: LOOK, EVERYONE!
Bruno: OH, WOW.
THAT'S AWESOME!
MY! HE ACTUALLY DID IT!
Crow: YEAH, I'LL SAY!
SO? YOU LIKE?
OH, LYNDON!
IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
THANKS, MOM!
OH, YOU'VE MADE ME
SO PROUD!
DO YA MEAN IT?
OH, OF COURSE
I MEAN IT, LYNDON.
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE BACK!
[SOBBING]